fix: various typos (#15260)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/request/cache/index.md

let controller = new AbortController();
fetch("some.json", {cache: "only-if-cached", mode: "same-origin", signal: controller.signal})
  .catch(e => e instanceof TypeError && e.message === "Failed to fetch" ?

>     ({status: 504}) : // Workaround for chrome; which fails with a type error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ({status: 504}) : // Workaround for chrome; which fails with a TypeError
```
